Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Please.
Please let me.
please let me out.
Please let me out.
Please. please. please let
me out of here. please.
Please help.
Yes. Mr. Neely. Mr. Neely.
Bet you didn't think you'd
end up here. did you?
No.
Tell me about yourself.
you're a world class hacker.
Maybe a first rate...
analyst.
A greedy analyst. What is it?
What is it? What is it
you do. Mr. Neely?
Please. okay?
I will cooperate with you.
I. I will tell you whatever
you want.
Anything you want to know.
I don't give a fuck
what you know.
I really don't. Means
nothing to me.
It's what you're worth.
Hmm. Apparently. it's allowed
you've made some
powerful enemies my friend.
I'm. I'm sorry.
Okay?
I never meant to hurt anyone.
-  No.
- Okay. I just
I saw the numbers.
- they were off.
-  The numbers.
And I just. I just.
-  Were off.
-  Mhmm.
You're gonna make me
a rich man. Mr. Neely.
Where was he?
- He was at--
- At home.
You were at home?
What were you doing at home
eating popcorn watching...
cartoon reruns?
That's really stupid.
You're stupid.
Stupid. Mr. Neely.
A moron.
Just a moron.
The Collective are getting
close to finding us.
They're nothing to worry
about for the moment.
They only have one
operative in Boston.
You sure he's the only one?
Yes. I got into their
system last night.
Will they send more?
If they do.
I'll know about it.
We still have that apartment?
Yes. sir.
Send them a bad tip.
A set up. a meeting. a trap.
I don't want to hear
about him again.
Nikita. can you set that up?
I'll send some guys.
-  Okay. look.
Send some guys.
So what do I do
about this one?
This one?
Mr. Neely.
It looks kind of cozy
in there. actually.
Like a little rat.
A little rat.
sort of whistleblower.
isn't it?
Little rat?
Give the rat some cheese.
-  Coming right up.
Please.
Please. please.
Please. please don't kill me.
I'll pay you way
more than they will.
Nice time.
The fastest I've seen.
Let's check your work.
Dead.
Definitely dead.
Maybe.
How '‘bout now?
And the target?
Good.
Very good.
That's not so great.
- Yeah. it's not fatal.
Fatal or not.
Could distract you.
Could take you out of the
game even for a second.
That could be the difference.
Otherwise. good job.
All right.
Everybody.
Say hello to the newest
member of The Collective.
Welcome.
Sic casus praecipuus.
May the privilege fall.
That's not just a motto.
That's code.
- Don't forget it.
- I won't.
So. when's
my first assignment?
- Excuse me?
-  Soon. or?
You know. because
I could go right now.
Good. Glad to hear it.
You start in the
office tomorrow.
You still got a lot to learn
about the organization.
This is it?
This place looks like shit.
Hi.
- Hi! Name?
- Sam Alexander.
Do you have an appointment?
- Yes.
- With who?
Dr. Casus.
Can I see your confirmation?
Yeah.
- Huh. I. um.
I don't see you in the system.
I'm new.
- Um.
Is uh.
something wrong?
Oh. hey. Sam.
There you are.
- He's with me.
First day.
- Welcome.
- Thanks.
Well then.
welcome to The Collective.
We'll make him a file later.
but go ahead
and activate his pen.
Sorry I didn't
get you in the system yet.
- You scared her.
- Oh. all good.
You're lucky
you got your legs.
Oh. while you're in here. um.
make sure you wear your pin.
Because the doors have sensors
and can read the microchip
from inside.
And here we got
the control centre.
Each one of the controllers
are the eyes
and ears of every agent
in the field.
- Door on the left.
- Hold on.
There are seven guys on
the other side of that door.
- Proceed with caution.
- Careful.
There's an alarm.
Let me just disarm it.
All right.
And this is where
the collective decides
which contracts
to send up the chain.
You'll start here.
Doing paperwork?
We all start somewhere. Sam.
Good luck.
So you're the one that
beat my time
on the training course.
You're a little old. no?
I'm Robert.
And that's Barbara.
Not that you will.
But if you need anything.
we'd be happy to help.
I'd be happy to help.
Can you tell me how long
I'll be staying in contracts?
Field agents
always start here.
If you're desperate
for some action.
you can move to control.
Sorry.
Didn't just leave my desk job so
I could work another desk job.
Then you'll put in the
time like the rest of us.
What's your background?
I worked for the DA.
-  Oh.
Really?
So you're an attorney?
I was.
And then I got bored.
I don't see how that
translates into wet work.
You watch enough
guilty people walk free
and eventually
you want to go out there
and take care of them yourself.
Hmm.
Very proactive.
Look. I get that.
But don't be so anxious
to get out there.
The training course
is one thing.
but the real world.
would eat you alive.
- I'm not so sure about that.
We'll see.
Barb.
But if we wait.
We're gonna miss our
chance at getting Neely
and all of his intel.
Can't afford to lose you either.
If we have the shot.
we have to take it.
Come on. Hugo.
It's not Bin Laden.
We're gonna get
another chance.
Yes. at Miro.
But if we wait.
we'll miss our chance
at getting Neely.
All right.
Well. give us a day to
verify the reports.
get a schematic
of the building.
and I'll hook you up
with a controller.
No. there's no time.
Because we don't know how
soon until he auctions Neely.
You know I'm right.
Of course you are.
It's an apartment building.
With two elevators.
two sets of stairs.
and four escape routes.
Can't be that easy.
Miro hasn't been caught
yet for a reason.
Because I haven't tried yet.
All right.
You're too damn stubborn
for this conversation
to go anywhere.
So I'll tell you
what I'm gonna do.
I will let you go in there.
not because I want to.
because I know you're
gonna do it anyway.
Anything else?
Yeah.
Do you want anything special
said at your funeral?
You're not invited
to my funeral.
Oh. I. I wasn't coming anyway.
So. do we have a deal?
- Hey. Sam.
You got a minute?
Come in. Sam. Sit down.
Take a look at that file.
I'd like to hear your thoughts.
Out loud. please.
Okay.
Miro Lindell.
He's a notorious human
trafficking kingpin.
He's in bed with
billionaires. politicians.
law enforcement. you name it.
Basically untouchable.
So is he?
Untouchable? No.
Nobody's untouchable.
If anything. seems a
little too easy.
There's no special
security protocols
outside of a detail.
I mean. at most. you're
facing guards
at the ground level
and at the apartment.
All right.
so what would you do?
Are you asking
me if I want this?
I'm asking for your thoughts.
I go in at night.
late at night.
when the least
civilians are around.
It's an
apartment building. so.
Ground level guards would
be less conspicuous.
Lookouts assessing
who comes and goes.
I'm somewhat
of a master of disguise. so.
Master of disguise. huh?
Somewhat.
Anyway. I walk right in
without firing a shot.
Okay.
You're in the building now.
What's next?
Well.
you need access
to the elevator.
Lucky for us. the controller
could easily hack into it.
Quick. clean. and simple.
There would be guards
in the hallway.
I would keep my distance and.
try and take them out
before they engage.
I'd be especially careful
about the guards located
outside the front door.
That's where I'd put
my toughest guys.
It's all downhill from there.
It's a good plan. on paper.
What does your gut say?
It's a trap.
Field work is rarely simple.
One has to be prepared
to improvise.
That kind of training
takes time.
Well. how can I learn
when I'm stuck here
doing contracts?
Stuck?
Sam. it's your first day.
You want me on this
assignment. don't you?
I promise I can get it done.
Go back to work.
Amazing. You're alive.
He wasn't there.
Fuck.
There were men waiting for me.
Well. that means
they're in our system.
You're compromised.
How can you let this happen?
I would say it was Neely.
He clearly has more
intel on us than we realized.
We have to pull you out.
No. not happening.
Well. it's not safe anymore.
We need Neely.
Well. if he knows about you
and he knows
about all of our other agents.
how are we going to get him
if he can see us coming?
Then what do you suggest?
It's pretty obvious to me
that we need
someone
that's not in our system.
♪ [Miro] The sky is blue ♪
♪ [Miro] Yes ♪
♪ [Miro] Oh. Mr. Neely ♪
♪ I love you dearly. Mr. Neely ♪
♪ And take it on. hey ♪
♪ These are beautiful
people. all of you ♪
Yes. I really want to
thank you for being here.
It means so much to me.
all of you. I wanna.
- give you all my love.
Deep in my heart [stutters] yes.
Thank you.
Ah. yes.
Mr. Lindell.
Yes?
We didn't get him.
If this guy ruins the auction
it'll be your head.
Your head.
You won't.
Get Nikita.
Yes. sir.
♪ Neely ♪
Hey.
This mean that someone's
coming to get me?
Shut up!
I'm just saying
it sounds like
someone's coming to get me.
No one's coming to get you.
you little fucking rat.
You know why?
Truth is. nobody cared.
You're going to be sold.
and you'll probably die.
Like a little rat that you are.
- Are ya?
-  Yeah.
Why are you so mad?
See. You should be
careful. Mr. Neely.
I've been called
a deranged sociopath.
I don't know why.
but I'll cut your fucking
tongue out.
♪ Mr. Neely ♪
Yeah. well.
if I'm going to die
in the cage. the fuck does it
matter anyway?
-♪ Love you. dearly ♪
-  Huh?
You called?
Yeah.
I want that Collective
asshole dead.
Dead.
Okay.
- I'll send some more guys--
- Do it yourself.
I want this done right.
Happily.
♪ There's gonna be
lots of blame ♪
♪ Gonna get a diamond ring ♪
I'm a rapper.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Wonderful people.
Ah. getting emotional.
Cheers to you. And you.
And you. and you. and you.
Hello? [clears throat] Hello?
Yeah. get dressed.
Throw a few things in a bag
and get outside.
There's a car waiting
to take you to the airport.
Uh. is everything okay?
No. Now pack your bags.
Wait.
Commercial or private?
Private.
Sir. your pin?
Right.
Thank you.
Are. uh. are you Hugo?
Who are you?
I'm. uh. Sam.
Can I come in?
Why haven't I seen you before?
Liam sent me. I'm. uh. new.
You. uh. gonna let
me in or what?
Grab the shit.
- It's a nice place.
This way.
Put things in here.
I don't need guns.
I got plenty here.
Yeah. but I figured I'd
be prepared anyways.
What's that?
Disguise. Handbook
said to bring one.
I'm Miami Vice.
don't you think?
You don't need a grenade.
It's never good.
Fuck around and blow up
the wrong shit.
I use it while I'm training.
So. I just kind of figured
it would be a...
You heard
what I said. right?
Yeah.
- All right. So.
When do we get started?
Slow down.
I don't know you.
Okay.
What do you want to know?
All right. I guess I can just...
From New Jersey.
I just got this pin
three days ago.
so I guess you could say
this is my first assignment.
And I used to work
for the district
attorney's office.
And now I'm here.
So no military.
CIA.
special ops background. nothing?
No. I mean. I trained
martial arts.
I did karate.
Karate?
So you're useless to me.
Listen. you clearly
don't want me here.
but I'm here.
I'm not on the books.
So Miro couldn't
possibly know about me.
So. until I die.
or Liam sends me home.
I'm staying.
We both want the same thing.
I'm telling you. we do.
You need me to take down Miro.
Sic casus praecipuus.
Let's make him fall.
Do you even
know what that means?
Yeah.
Do you?
I made up the fucking slogan.
Oh.
You and your yellow belt.
- Follow me.
- My bad.
Where are we going?
This way.
You've never
seen this room.
This is the war room.
Liam and I.
have countless operations.
from here.
Even toppling governments.
Toppling governments?
The CIA have a list of enemies
that they consider
untouchable.
People like Miro.
Liam and I got sick of ignoring
the root of the problem.
So we left.
And started The Collective.
Our targets
think they are above the law.
So we speak for the innocent.
Judge. jury and executioner.
And now we take down Miro.
No.
No? What about the apartment?
I wasn't there for Miro.
I was there to
get Christopher Neely.
He's our target.
He's an analyst.
He's leaked information
about billionaires
buying elections.
Now. Miro has him hostage.
He's planning to sell him
to the highest bidder.
That's fifty million? Really?
He'll probably sell him
for more than that.
Pissed off a lot of people.
Okay. so why are we involved?
Christopher is key
to taking down
the untouchables.
All right then.
Let's go find him.
It's not that easy.
We don't know where he is.
I read Miro's file.
- He would keep him close.
He's constantly moving.
He travels all over.
Hosting human auctions.
And only untouchables
get invited.
Okay.
Maybe we can find one.
What are you doing?
A little background research.
Picked it up
working for the DA.
And this is the
exact type of guy
Miro would reach out
to. George Lee.
And he'd want revenge for Barry
Vanderstorm's death.
He'd pay about anything for it.
And guess who's in town?
I'm guessing the auction
is somewhere around this area.
Looks like we're
going to the beach.
What? Why not?
Well. if Miro finds
out about this.
Which he will.
And you'll be made. too.
Yeah. but we have to try.
I mean. capture this guy
and then get the auction
info out of him.
Then one of Miro's clients
goes missing. and he knows
It's not worth
jeopardizing the mission.
What if the auction's tonight?
You got a better idea?
Give me your pen.
What?
Give it to me.
Yeah.
Are you. uh.
controlling for me?
I'm making sure you don't die.
Thanks.
These are
my eyes and ears.
And when you get back.
I'm gonna teach
you the pistol puppet.
The pistol puppet?
Wear this.
Uh. one more thing.
I'm gonna need
to borrow your car.
I don't have one.
They're here.
Give me your thing. baby.
Do your thing. That's it.
That is it.
Yeah. Gosh. you're so hot.
I should have brought
two cameras.
This is amazing.
Look at you.
That is amazing.
Yeah.
Yeah. do this like.
like that.
Shooting from the hip.
Boom. boom. boom.
Love it.
You saw how you could
bring MySpace back
with these pictures.
So what's your plan?
I'm gonna get behind cover.
Take the guards out
one at a time.
No good.
But it's clean.
Right. So you
shoot the first guy.
They all notice.
Then what?
I take them out.
You take them out.
And you waste your time.
So you want to just
show up and start shooting?
It's called
an ambush. and it works.
That's it. Beautiful.
Now. can you do the thing
where you turn around
and like. look
over your shoulder.
Oh. yeah. that's it.
Oh. down from your knees.
I like it. Look at you.
You're a pro.
Wow. Wow.
Walk on to the
beach. then draw.
I'm staying here.
Pistols are only good
from a certain distance.
I'm going to
get behind cover.
I'm going to take out
the guards one at a time.
Not accurately.
Hey. That was great.
You're amazing.
One. two.
- Three.
- Dammit.
Should have been closer.
Not now!
Get behind cover!
Sam! Sam?
Sam?
-  Sam?
- Yeah. I'm here.
Oh.
What was that?
Flip him over.
Oh. God.
Please don't kill me.
- Shut up!
Shut up! Shut up!
You understand?
Need to hurry.
Miro Lindell.
You know him?
- All right. okay. [shushes].
I know you're here for the
auction. What time is it?
- Auction?
- What time is it?
- I don't know.
-  You see that?
That's how you're going to
look if you lie to me
one more time.
Saturday.
-  Saturday? Six.
- What time?
Which six?
Six a.m.. six in the morning!
- Please don't hurt me.
- Okay. good. Where is it?
I don't know.
I promise. I swear.
They. they don't
send the address
until an hour before.
Just aim your camera
so I can see into his eyes.
He's telling the truth.
He's scared.
but he never broke
eye contact.
You're going to
have to kill him now.
What?
He can identify you.
Do it now.
Don't overthink this.
Wait. wait. wait. no!
Yep.
That's what blood
and brains look like.
Take a picture.
Short is a price on his head.
And grab his phone.
We got to be ready to attack
the moment
a text comes through.
Time to come back.
We got a lot of work to do.
What the fuck is taking
you so long?
We don't know where he is.
This entire auction
is going to implode
- if you can't figure out the--
-  Found him.
I guess the apartment ambush
wasn't a complete failure.
In Massachusetts.
he goes by the alias of Mark
Vorhee. or Vorhee.
The CCTV captured him parking
and walking into the apartment building.
Where's the car registered?
It's close.
Good.
I got somebody who knows
what the fuck they're doing.
Why are you still standing
here? Go.
-  Top that off for you.
How you holding up?
I lost control.
That's
never happened to me before.
A hundred thousand
for your first kill.
Not too shabby.
I want to make sure
I clarify something.
Liam.
he's a stone cold killer.
Not to be fucked with.
He would kill four
or five people.
and two hours later.
we'd sit and eat dinner.
and he's laughing
like nothing ever happened.
Fucking nuts.
I remember back.
My first kill.
In the CIA.
It wasn't the kill
that kept me up at night.
It was the sound of his
fractured skull.
That shit plays in my mind
over and over and over again.
But you'll get numb to it.
- So it gets easier?
- No.
And that's why I live
in the middle of nowhere.
I find peace in isolation.
You got to do what you
got to do. right?
To kill The Untouchables.
Yeah.
We're in a league of our own.
I paid a lot of money
for you motherfuckers.
Don't make me look bad.
Don't send your men
in unless I say so.
- First team's in position.
-  Breach.
Sam. get down!
Meet me in the war room. now!
First team is down.
Repeat. First team is down!
I told you not to
make me look stupid.
Send second team.
Send them now. goddammit!
Front door
has been breached.
They say there's another one.
Someone
else in the house.
Pathetic.
It can take an
agonizing thirty minutes
to bleed out from
a stab to the belly.
Have fun bleeding out. asshole.
Come on. come on!
Come on. you assholes.
Get in the van!
I'm in no mood to die tonight!
-  Go! Go!
Hugo. Shit.
Fuck. fuck. fuck!
Yeah. I need an extraction
at Hugo's house. now!
Echo sierra. Heading
in for Tac Air South.
Zero. two. three. four.
formation alpha.
E.T.A. nineteen minutes. Repeat
E.T.A. nineteen minutes.
Fuck.
Hang in there buddy.
We got two stab wounds
in the abdomen. We gotta
stop the blood
pressure. pulse is
one twenty and threading.
I want two large
boards with saline...
Where have you
been all week. Sam?
How is he?
He's in the hospital.
He's lost a lot of blood.
It's not looking great.
Tell me you've not been
out there looking for Miro
on your own.
I'm sorry.
Trying to make
up for my mistake.
It's not your fault.
- You guys were outnumbered.
They took you by surprise.
Hell. you were lucky
to get out of there
with your life.
This mission was doomed
from the beginning.
It's time to come home.
Regroup.
I called it off.
Hugo's gone.
And they know
about all of our agents
in the system. including you.
But the
auction's tomorrow.
We have no idea where.
You'd be going in blind.
- But--
-  It's too dangerous.
- We have to--
-  Our best bet
is to use
our internal intel network
to track and see
who's buying Neely.
Hopefully.
they don't kill him.
and we can start
over from there.
We have to get Miro.
Miro was never the target.
But. we have to get him.
It's not your responsibility.
Sam. you did a nice job
for your first time out.
but I'm gonna be
straight with you.
You weren't ready.
Yeah. yeah. You're. uh...
You're right.
It wasn't what I thought.
It's messy and ruthless
and completely terrifying.
But. um. I know that now.
And if you give me
this chance.
I'll take care of it.
They know we're coming.
They suspect anything wrong.
they'll move Neely.
or they'll kill him.
Then there goes
all that intel
right out the window.
But they're not going
to kill him
because they need the money.
You don't know that.
So what? You're fine with Hugo
dying for nothing?
Sam. I appreciate that
you've learned
a great deal on this mission.
but it's over.
I've already
sent a car for you.
You know we've been
tracking you this whole time.
No. I'm staying.
I'm not asking. Sam.
That's an order.
You get your ass back to H.Q.
I can get to Miro.
Son. you're not listening.
That is not possible
at this time.
Whatever happened
to taking down
The Untouchables?
- Goodbye. Sam.
Jeez. that was brutal.
Sometimes necessary.
You think he's
going to go for it anyway?
Well. see.
God. you fucking stink.
When was the last time
you took a shower? Christ.
Took a shower?
I've been stuck
in a fucking dog cage.
He stinks.
- Can we get him cleaned up?
-  Please?
Of course.
Anything specific
you want him to wear
for the auction?
Uh. Well.
for the price
that's on his head.
I think we should put him in
something nice.
Maybe a tuxedo.
- Yes. sir.
- And Daisy. wait.
- Yeah?
- Uh...
let's put a whistle
around his neck.
- I'm on it.
-  How about that?
Oh. yeah. They're going
to eat that shit up.
Eat it up.
I love it. The genius.
Well?
Hugo's dead.
Good.
There was another man.
It was probably
his controller.
He wasn't a much of a fighter.
And he ran away.
He got away.
On your watch.
By the time he let's
The Collective know.
and they find
a replacement and ship them out.
We'll be long gone.
How many men did you lose?
Can you get more?
-  Of course.
-  Good. I need more.
Okay.
Do you want me to go
after him?
No. I don't. I want you here.
for the auction.
Double the security.
And Nikita. if you see anyone
acting suspicious.
just please.
just take them out.
Understood.
Gotcha.
Shit.
Well. I see you don't
have a date. young man.
Would you like to borrow one?
- What?
- Would you like to borrow one?
I'd go with the redhead. but
don't let me influence you.
I don't need a date. Thank you.
Because I was planning
on purchasing one myself.
This guy.
Hey. man. Terence Madsen.
What's your name. my friend?
- George Lee.
- Lee?
Well. I think I heard you.
Oil. right?
Among other things.
Name?
George Lee.
I got you.
Welcome.
Name?
Terence Madsen.
But you can call me any time.
- Wait.
In your ear. what is that?
Uh.
It's my hearing aid.
Hearing aid?
Is she giving you
a hard time. George?
I don't know.
Listen. I know him. He's cool.
All right. I'm sorry.
You can never be too careful.
Enjoy your time. Mr. Lee.
I will. Thank you.
Now. where were we?
Now. that's
how you tell a joke.
George. you sitting
with us. or what?
Yes. of course.
Well. let's go then.
So is this your first time
at one of these?
No. it's not. You?
Well. I've been twice. Obviously.
-  Still haven't seen
you around.
Who do you know here?
I was. uh. I was in business
with Barry Vanderstorm.
Oh. shit.
I'm sorry.
You know. I really didn't
know him very well.
- It's okay.
- No. no. no. no.
It's fucked up
how they got him
in the leak.
You must be pissed
at Neely. huh?
Yeah.
You thinking of buying him?
If the price is right.
I should introduce
you to Miro.
No. that's not nece--
No. no. no. no. Listen.
I mean. you were close
with Barry. after all.
That's not a problem. Come on.
That's a good one.
- You're killing me.
- Sir.
Yes. What? Yes.
Terence Madsen.
I have bought
some of your finest.
Madsen. Madsen. I remember
you. Madsen.
Good to see you. sir.
How are you? How are they?
They have never been better.
This here is my friend.
George Lee.
Yes. Mr. George. I'm sorry.
Yeah. I was a friend
of Barry Vanderstorms.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I'm terrible with faces.
but. um.
yeah. it's good to see you.
George is thinking of
buying the whistleblower.
Oh. well.
why didn't you say so?
Jesus Christ.
That's interesting.
He won't be cheap.
I'll manage.
I hope you do.
I'll keep an eye
out for you Mr.. Mr.--
Lee.
I will not
forget that again.
Welcome. Welcome.
Enjoy yourselves.
Everything's on the house. buddy.
Well. that went well.
Show's about to start. Lee. so.
You can head back without me.
I'll catch up in a second.
Thank you.
Hey. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. I'm so happy
you all came tonight.
I know you came from
far and wide.
We have some old faces.
some new.
And it's
great to see you.
We have a wonderful. wonderful evening.
It's a very exciting night.
Very exciting.
I know most of you
are here to see
- the whistleblower.
Yes. but I promise you.
we have many. many terrific
offerings tonight.
And you're going to have
a wonderful time.
Hey. great to see
you there. Glenn.
Nice to see she's back.
C'mon. let's go!
- C'mon you motherfucker.
Let us begin.
We have a terrific young gal
from Lincoln. Nebraska.
Let's take a look at this
young lady.
Don't let her looks fool you.
She's a terrific.
very hard worker.
A very hard worker.
Susan's a very.
very smart woman.
Works
very. very hard and makes
a mean casserole.
The starting bid tonight
begins at five hundred thousand.
Can I see five?
I see five. do I see five?
Do I see. I see five.
Give me five. [mumbles].
I see six. do we see six?
No. [shushes] it's okay.
Okay.
Fuck.
Hello?
You fucking motherfucker.
Hey!
Hey. I. I got to go.
I got to go
to the bathroom. man!
I'm not. I'm not shitting
in the cage again!
Do I see seven? I got seven.
I got seven over here.
Seven over here. Do we
see seven five oh?
Seven five oh? We have seven
five. do we have eight?
Do see eight.
do I see eight. do I. sold!
To our gentleman
right here in the front row.
Sold ladies and
gentleman. our first item.
- Prick. no way!
- Yeah!
Oh. you can
get lucky tonight.
Nice one. Joey!
Oh. excuse me. sir.
You're in the wrong room.
I've got to go now. I don't care
if I'm in the wrong room.
-  I'm gonna go right here!
-  Sir. the bathroom's
- back that way.
- Oh. it's that way.
- Well. that guy said it was--
Fuck!
We are under
fire in the back room!
I repeat. we're
taking fire in the back room!
Fuck me.
We have a problem.
When do you not
have a problem?
Well.
maybe if you did your job.
One million nine hundred.
looking for two. looking for two
Give me the two. give me the two
give me the two.
Do we see a two? Give me a two
million dollars!
A two million dollars.
ladies and gentleman!
Sold. sold. ladies
and gentleman!
Fuck!
Hey kid. you alive?
Hugo?
How are you?
I'm alive. too.
I've hacked
into their security cameras.
There's some blind spots. though.
I don't see you right now.
How are you holding up?
- Yeah. I'm. uh...
Pinned down.
Running low on ammo.
How many bullets
you have left?
Three. There's four of them.
You know what you got to do.
Pistol puppet?
Pistol puppet.
No shit.
I told your ass.
Oh. it's just you.
Disappointing.
Is that the knife girl?
Stay back.
Oh. shit.
Or what?
If you had any bullets.
you would have shot me already.
Move.
Move!
I worked too hard to
have you fuck this up.
Nikita. you have this covered?
Yep.
Keep him alive. Miro
will want to speak with him.
Nikita!
Ladies and gentlemen.
this is the moment
you've all been waiting for.
The lovely Daisy will present
to you our next offering.
- He is...
Mr. Christopher Neely.
the whistleblower
- himself.
Yes. here he is.
In the flesh.
Ladies. gentlemen.
Yes.
the moment
we've all been waiting for.
This is your big moment.
young man.
Take it all
and take it all in.
He is here in the flesh.
Who are you? Huh?
My name is Sam Alexander.
and I'm with The Collective.
Now say.
"“Have fun bleeding out."”
- What? What?
-  Just say it.
Have fun bleeding out.
The bidding. ladies and
gentleman will begin
at fifty million dollars
for this dashing. young.
handsome man.
Ladies and gentlemen.
do I see fifty?
Do I see fifty. fifty. fifty. oh
fifty million. fifty.
give me one. I see fifty.
What are you doing now?
Getting back up.
Go raise some hell.
So what's your plan?
Just run out there
and start shooting.
It's called an ambush.
And it works.
One fifty ladies and gentleman.
one hundred and fifty million.
Blow the damn whistle.
blow the whistle.
Blow the whistle.
.
You blow it you son of a bitch!
Blow the goddam whistle!
Ladies and gentleman.
two hundred million.
Two hundred million going once.
going twice.
for two hundred million dollars
.
-  And sold!
A waste!
Relax. relax. fuck. fuck!
Fuck. okay. okay.
Fuck you! Fuck you!
Don't let him.
You got him?
Huh? You got him?
Yeah.
Sounds like you got him.
Is he. is he dead?
- I. uh. hope that's sarcasm.
Oh. fuck.
Dead. Dead. Super dead.
What about the target?
Safe and sound.
man. it's
a lot of information.
and it's very. very good.
We should have the full list
together
by the end of the month.
Nice.
What about Miro?
Well. now.
that's well done.
Thank you.
Still plenty of work
to do around here.
Sam. What did I tell
you about grenades?
You blew up my motherfucking
house. Sam!
Yeah. I...
Relax. Hugo.
You can always
buy another house.
We'll talk about that a little
bit more before our
next mission.
Yeah?
It happens.